=head1 Perl Icons

This repo contains SVG images of icons associated with the Perl programming language. Because they are SVG, the icons can be easily embedded in a font icon file and used as Glyphs on a web page.

I'm licensing the icons under the FreeBSD license but be aware that the icons themselves may be subject to additional restrictions on use:

=over 4

=item * Camelia Perl 6 logo

This logo is copyright Larry Wall 2009. See L<details|https://raw.githubusercontent.com/perl6/mu/master/misc/camelia.txt>

=item * Perl and Camels

O'Reilly has a registered trademark on the camel and its association with Perl. They used to have a page about it (archive.org L<link|https://web.archive.org/web/20080513235043/http://www.onlamp.com/pub/a/oreilly/perl/usage/>).

=item * The Perl Onion

The Perl Foundation owns the Perl Onion logo and places certain restrictions on its use. See L<details|https://www.perlfoundation.org/trademarks.html>

=item * The Perl 5 Raptor

Sebastian Riedel created the Perl 5 L<Raptor|https://github.com/kraih/perl-raptor> and licenses it under Creative Commons L<BY-SA|http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/>

=item * The CPAN logo

J.C. Thorpe created the CPAN logo and distributed it under Artistic License or GPLv1+.
SVG version by Thibault Duponchelle under the same terms.

=item * The MetaCPAN logo

Raul Matei created the MetaCPAN logo (for the MetaCPAN logo contest) and gave the full rights on the image to MetaCPAN admins ("A license will be granted to the MetaCPAN team to use it in any way they see fit.") so they can license as they want if needed.
SVG version by Thibault Duponchelle under the same terms.


=back


=head2 Author

David Farrell


=head2 License

FreeBSD - see LICENSE

=cut
